lightning: update config description of web interface and server mode (#8424)
pingcap/docs: tidb-lightning/tidb-lightning-configuration.md

### tidb-lightning global configuration

[lightning]

> # The HTTP port for displaying the web interface, pulling Prometheus metrics, exposing debug data, and submitting import tasks (in server mode). Setting this to 0 disables the port.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# The HTTP port for displaying the web interface, pulling Prometheus metrics, exposing debug data, and submitting import tasks (in server mode). Setting it to 0 disables the port.
```

status-addr = ':8289'

> # Server mode. Defaults to false, which means the import task starts immediately after executing the command.
> # If this is set to true, after executing the command, TiDB Lightning waits until the user submits the import task in the web interface.

Reviewer: 虚悬结构，所以补上了主语
```suggestion
# Server mode. Defaults to false, which means an import task starts immediately after you execute the command.
# If this value is set to true, after you execute the command, TiDB Lightning waits until you submit an import task in the web interface.
```
